Taylor Swift
Taylor Swift? Did your Spotify get hijacked by a 14-year-old?
You must really love recycled breakup lyrics with all that Taylor Swift...
Taylor Swift out here making your playlist look like a middle school breakup diary!
Bruno Mars
Bruno Mars will never date you. Give it up...
Bruno Mars? Wow, real bold picking the safest artist on Earth.
Did you time travel here from 2010? Get Bruno Mars out of here...
Lady Gaga
Let me guess, you still say - RAH RAH AH AH AH - unironically to Lady Gaga?
Your music taste peaked in 2009 with Lady Gaga, just like your fashion sense.
You listening to Lady Gaga screams - I still think Poker Face is peak music.
Sabrina Carpenter
Sabrina Carpenter? You must really love budget Taylor Swift.
Your music taste is just Disney Channel nostalgia in denial with that Sabrina Carpenter.
Really? Sabrina Carpenter? Your music taste peaked on TikTok...
Bad Bunny
Bad Bunny? More like Bad Taste.
Let me guess, you pretend to understand the lyrics to Bad Bunny songs, but only know VAMOSSS.
Let me guess, you only listen to the beat of Bad Bunny because you don’t actually know Spanish.
Justin Bieber	
Oh, you must be one of those people that still believes in Bieber Fever.
Justin Bieber? Oh, you mean the guy who peaked as a teenager.
Baby, baby, baby, noooooooo get Justin Beiber out of here!!!
Kendrick Lamar
You listen to Kendrick Lamar to convince yourself you're cultured.
You play Kendrick Lamar like it makes you cooler than everyone else.
Kendrick’s lyrics go over your head, but you still pretend to get it.
SZA
You probably think listening to SZA makes you in touch with your feelings.
You listen to SZA because crying in the shower is your biggest personality trait.
Your music taste is just sad girl hours, 24/7, with all that SZA.
Post Malone
Post Malone? Oh, you mean rockstar without any of the actual rock.
Post Malone must make you think slapping some tattoos on makes you edgy.
You listen to Post Malone to pretend you're into 'alternative' without the effort.
Dua Lipa
Dua Lipa? Wow, really going for that I’m not like other girls vibe.
Your music taste is as predictable as a Dua Lipa chorus.
You listen to Dua Lipa like she’s the only pop star in existence. Just stop
Ed Sheeran
You listen to Ed Sheeran? Oh, you mean the king of generic love songs.
Ed Sheeran’s songs are like Hallmark movies – cheesy, predictable, and forgettable. Stop listening to them.
Ed Sheeran's lyrics are the equivalent of a Hallmark card with a guitar.
Imagine Dragons
Imagine Dragons is basically the sound of a midlife crisis on a loop.
Imagine Dragons? More like Imagine Basic.
You listen to Imagine Dragons? Wow, that’s like the fast food of rock music.
Miley Cyrus
Miley Cyrus? Oh, you mean the queen of trying way too hard.
You listen to Miley Cyrus because you’re still stuck in the Hannah Montana phase.
Miley Cyrus? More like the trying too hard to be edgy era.
Gracie Abrams
Gracie Abrams? Oh, you mean sad girl music for people who’ve never actually been sad.
Gracie Abrams is like the background music to a breakdown you’re pretending to have.
Your playlist is just a collection of moody TikTok soundtracks with all this Gracie Abrams.
Olivia Rodrigo
Olivia Rodrigo? Oh, you mean the soundtrack to your I’m too old for this teenage angst.
Olivia Rodrigo? Wow, you really think crying over a guy is revolutionary.
Olivia Rodrigo is just emo for beginners, and you’re still stuck there.
Twenty One Pilots
Twenty One Pilots? Oh, you mean Hot Topic’s official house band.
Twenty One Pilots is just what happens when a Tumblr post learns how to play instruments.
Twenty One Pilots fans act like they unlocked the secrets of the universe, but it's just some guy in a beanie rapping about stress.
AJR
AJR? Oh, you mean what happens when a GarageBand demo gets too confident.
AJR fans act like their music is deep, but it’s just nursery rhymes with an identity crisis.
AJR is what happens when theater kids discover trap beats.
Billie Eilish
Billie Eilish? Oh, you mean the official sponsor of whisper-singing.
You must think dressing in oversized clothes makes you deep like Billie Eilish.
Billie Eilish songs are what happens when someone turns a diary entry into a Spotify hit.
Katy Perry
Katy Perry? Oh, you mean the queen of making music for people who still shop at Claire’s.
Katy Perry’s entire discography is basically just jingles for candy commercials.
Katy Perry’s music is what happens when a glitter bomb explodes in a recording studio.
Billy Joel
Billy Joel? Oh, you mean dad rock for people who peaked at karaoke night.
Billy Joel fans act like listening to him is a personality trait.
Billy Joel’s music is just dramatic storytelling for people who refuse to listen to musicals.
Queen
Queen fans act like Freddie Mercury personally knighted them for knowing the lyrics.
Queen’s music is just musical theater for people who refuse to admit they like musicals.
Queen? Oh, you mean the band everyone pretends to be a superfan of after hearing Bohemian Rhapsody once.
Eminem
Eminem? Oh, you mean the rapper for people who think speed equals skill.
Eminem fans act like listening to him makes them the toughest person in the room.
Your Eminem music taste is just middle school energy drinks and bad attitude.
Harry Styles
Your playlist is just vibes with no actual personality with all that Harry Styles.
Let me guess, you pretend Watermelon Sugar by Harry Styles is about fruit.
You must think wearing funky suits and mumbling makes Harry Styles a musical genius.
Lana Del Rey
Lana Del Rey? Oh, you mean sad poetry for people who think smoking is a personality.
Lana Del Rey fans act like they were born to be mysterious and heartbroken, but they just need a nap.
Your Lana Del Rey music taste is just cigarette smoke, vintage filters, and daddy issues.
Kanye West
Kanye? Oh, you mean the guy who thinks he's the genius behind every genre, but can’t get out of his own way.
Kanye West's discography is just - Im a genius, and also, I need help.
You must think wearing a mask and yelling at people makes you a visionary like Kanye.